IBX-57: Exclusion category features (#114)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/personalization/filters.md

|Do not recommend items the user already consumed|The Personalization service stores the CONSUME events of every user for one year. When you activate this filter, the user will not be recommended the consumed content again.|
|Max. repeated shows of identical recommendations per session|When you activate this filter and set a value, after a content item/product is recommended a certain number of times during the current user session, it is removed from all recommendation lists.|

### Exclusions

> With Exclusion features you can exclude categories from the recommendation response by providing fixed category paths or by item category paths.

Reviewer: Maybe could be `or by context item category paths`?

> With Exclusion features you can exclude categories from the recommendation response by providing fixed category paths or by context item category paths.

Reviewer 2: How about:
```suggestion
You can exclude categories from the recommendation response by providing fixed category paths or by context item category paths.
```
Unless the name "Exclusion" is important to retain?

!!! tip

>     You can use both options at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can use both fixed category and context item category paths at the same time.
```

> - Exclude category of the context item - excludes items in the recommendation response from specified categories in the recommendation request. Select this checkbox if you want do not want to recommend a client items from the category of the currently rendered item. For example, 

Reviewer: I think that it coulde be something like:  `excludes items in the recommendation response from the same categories as context item`
too many: 'want'

> - Exclude category of the context item - excludes items in the recommendation response from the same categories as the context item in the recommendation request. Select this checkbox if you want do not want to recommend a client items from the category of the currently rendered item. For example, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Exclude category of the context item - excludes items in the recommendation response from the same categories as the context item in the recommendation request.
Select this checkbox if you do not want to recommend items from the category of the currently rendered item. For example, 
```

Reviewer 2: or
```suggestion
- **Exclude category of the context item** - excludes items in the recommendation response from the same categories as the context item in the recommendation request.
Select this checkbox if you do not want to recommend items from the category of the currently rendered item. For example, 
```
if it is a label in the UI

> if customer browses items from category *TV*, you can set that other recommendation box or boxes will not display recommendations from this category. This is automatically defined from the context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if the customer is browsing items from the *TV* category, you can ensure that recommendation boxes do not display recommendations from this category. This is automatically defined from the context.
```

> - Exclude category - use to define lists of categories which should not be recommended in a scenario. Excludes the category that is last in the path. For example, in the following category path: *Furniture/Living room/Sofas*, for this scenario all items from *Sofas* category are excluded. You can add many categories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Exclude category** - define lists of categories which should not be recommended in a scenario.
Excludes the category that is last in the path.
For example, in the following category path: *Furniture/Living room/Sofas*, for this scenario all items from the *Sofas* category are excluded. You can add many categories.
```
